Previously on Justified...
You're gonna sell dope
whether it's legal or not.
But you set
your sights this high,
you're gonna keep running
into folks like him.
So, you're saying
walk away from weed?
Next couple weeks, just put
two big guys out front.
Whoever killed Simon Poole
is probably the same person
who killed Grady in prison,
all at the behest of
whoever ratted on
Grady to begin with.
And you think it's Markham?
Well, the guy who
ratted on Grady
turned my life to shit,
and I want something
like that to happen to him.
Walker is burned.
Got to stay out
of that fire he started.
It's about loyalty.
And I need yours.
That stack of money
in Markham's vault,
it's got to be $10 million, Ava.
You help Raylan put me away.
What's he got to offer you?
A clean slate
in witness protection?
50 grand.
There's 50 grand.
And there's $10 million.
What happened in Bulletville?
You in trouble?
No.
The dynamite Zachariah had
ain't to blow the doors
off the vault.
It's for the rock below.
Boyd's gonna blast up
from underneath.
What's the bad news?
Ava's burned.
- You sure?
- Pretty sure.
So, this is all
based on a hunch.
When you phrase it like that,
it's mildly insulting.
So, did Boyd find out
and put Ava under duress,
or did she just break?
Well, Chief, I...
I'm sorry, who are we
addressing as Chief?
Me.
Her.
Well, Mr. Mullen,
I can't say for certain.
All I can say for certain
is that she's flipped.
If I'm wrong, you can
have Arlo's place.
And what if you're right?
You can still have it.
I can't give it away.
Wait a second. Are we
worried about Ava?
There's a chance she may
have been compromised.
Well, that's not
really a surprise
given the fact that
Boyd now has $100,000
and has no doubt promised
her millions more.
You didn't think I knew
about your little reward?
Just attempting to move the case along.
That's all that was.
Instead, you might've gotten
your C.I. to switch sides.
This case isn't dependent on
whether or not Ava flipped.
That's not necessarily true.
At this point,
we have Boyd connected
to just about every
crime in Lexington.
But if you want to
get him under RICO,
you want to really bury him,
then you need the cooperation
of his criminal associates,
the closest of which is Ava.
Well, if she's flipped,
well, then her
involvement's tainted
and so is her testimony.
Only way to be sure
would be to have another C.I.
in the Boyd camp.
Sure, that's not complicated.
Let's get another C.I.
I actually think I might
be able to help with that.
Forget something, Mikey?
Oh! Holy shit.
That's pretty high on the list
of things I wish I'd never seen.
You should've thought of that
before you barged into
my hotel room uninvited.
All right,
if you just calm down,
we'll explain why we're here.
I don't care why you're here.
I don't want an explanation.
I just want you two to get your
bony white asses out of my...
You see these?
I can't see shit.
Well, these are case files
we need to discuss with
you once you calm down.
Ah! Okay!
You gonna calm down?
Yes!
You don't sound calm.
Let me out of here,
I'll calm down!
And we can have
a civil conversation?
Fine.
Jesus Christ, Raylan.
You're supposed
to be the grownup.
Ah, you're only as young
as you feel, Duffy.
Take a look.
Where did you get this?
That came from an old-time
U.S. Attorney named
Simon Poole,
and it was sealed
about 15 years ago.
This is bullshit. Want to go
back in the tanning booth?
I had an agreement
with your people
that my involvement... You had
an arrangement with Simon Poole,
and if you got a problem,
you take it up with him.
He's dead.
Well, that's unfortunate.
He was murdered
around the same time
those records were sealed.
Wonder if that's a coincidence.
Hmm.
Congratulations. You got me.
I was a rat.
The ship was sinking, and I
didn't want to go down with it.
So what?
We ain't here to judge.
We just want you
to do it again.
And how about if I ask
you to lick my balls?
In that case, we're
probably gonna leave.
This is not
a civil conversation.
But I'd hate to see the information
in these files get leaked.
Like, what would
happen if Katherine Hale
found out that you're the one
who got her husband killed?
I didn't know there was
a statute of limitations
on the gratitude of lawmen
towards old informants.
Well, there is.
And it is up.
You burn me, I'm dead.
That's a possibility.
Pretty much.
Wait. Just wait.
Maybe there is a way
I can help you out again.
But why?
Why?
Because I like
being alive and free.
Don't you?
Not if it means
being a goddamn snitch.
Jesus Christ, don't
be so self-righteous.
At some point
in our line of work,
if you want to survive,
this is what you do.
Not me.
I got a code, and it does not
include turning on my people.
And by "your people,"
you mean who?
Boyd? Katherine? Markham?
You think any of them
wouldn't turn on us
to save their own hides?
You know, if you intended
to run for office,
that would've been
information worth knowing
before I agreed to marry you.
I assure you I have no interest
in becoming a politician.
But you are interested
in parading me around
shit holler, Kentucky,
like a politician's wife.
It's important that I
engage these people.
I promise you won't have
to kiss any babies.
Just promise me I don't
have to eat any pizza.
Back up slowly.
One of yours?
He was.
This what you were
pounding in Lexington
while we were pounding doors?
Show the lady a little respect.
Oh, chivalrous.
You're not in a position
to tell me shit.
Now sit your ass down,
both of you.
What exactly are you after?
Call it severance pay.
Severance?
Seems to me I just
paid for your loyalty.
No, no. Point in fact,
you paid for my disloyalty
to my former C.O.,
a man who you cut loose
and sold out.
Has me refiguring my cost.
You know where my money is.
Think you can get to it,
have at it.
Good idea, boss, yeah.
I'll just...
I'll just take a ride
down to Harlan,
keeping the radio on, of course,
in case you see fit to call
the soft rock militia on me.
Though I suppose
you wouldn't want me
getting caught, now, would you?
Oh, the tales that I could tell.
I'll tell you what.
How about you give me
the lady's ring,
and we'll call it a day?
The lady is my fiancée.
That's her engagement ring.
It has sentimental value.
Unless it can bring the both
of you back from the dead,
hand it over.
You really think killing us
in this hotel room
is your best bet for freedom
and long-term prosperity?
I'll take my chances.
Ah, Gentlemen.
Gentlemen. Gentlemen.
May I make a suggestion?
I have a diamond tennis
bracelet in my purse
that, being a woman
of extravagant taste,
it's very substantial.
Might that do instead?
It just might.
Let me see it.
Slowly.
Think it's in here.
Yep.
I thought I'd seen
all your tricks.
Well, if you feel compelled
to show your gratitude,
I could sure use a new purse.
Merci.
You told him what?
He already knew you were gonna
hit the Portal through the mine.
How did he know that?
You're working with Zachariah.
Probably wasn't tough to figure.
Jesus Christ, Ava.
If I had played dumb, he
would've known I was lying,
locked me up again.
You know what?
Let 'em come.
They're gonna be watching
the main entrance.
We slipping out the
ventilation shaft, anyway.
We'll be sipping margaritas
before they even know
what happened.
So, you're saying I did good.
Yeah.
Baby, you always do good.
Wynn Duffy.
You're a long way away
from home, ain't you?
Home's wherever
the RV takes me, Boyd.
And the matter which
we need to discuss
requires our
immediate attention.
Well, you look awful serious.
Ava, you want to
give us a minute?
I was under the impression
you two had no secrets.
Was I misinformed?
Ain't no secrets here.
Say what you got to say.
You're aware that
Markham's hosting
a gathering this afternoon?
I am.
But I don't think
Avery Markham's
gonna win over the hearts and minds
of the good people of Harlan County
with a few slices of pepperoni.
Well, that may be,
but when the party's over,
he's planning on
moving the money.
Who told you that?
Katherine. She says
it's happening tonight.
Does she know exactly where
this new location's gonna be?
No.
So, you came here
to tell me my only chance
of getting that money
is during that goddamn party?
Is that gonna be a problem?
Ain't no problem I can't handle.
Better news I've never heard.
You let me know when it's done.
Well, of course I will.
Well, thank you.
Good luck.
Let me know if I can
be of any assistance.
And now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm gonna leave this place and
hopefully never come back.
Raylan Givens
is pulling his string.
If he is, he did not tell me.
This is the moment
we play our onetime
"get out of jail free" card.
You okay with that?
I am.
How we doing?
Right now, we're within
four feet of that basement.
What I got to do
is set two more charges
one to blow through the rook to
get to the basement foundation
and another one to blow
out that concrete.
It's gonna take too long.
Well, you said I had two days.
Well, now you got two hours.
Now, what say we do
a deep set of drill holes
in the foundation, do two
charges simultaneously?
Oh, no, no, no.
That's too risky.
What's risky is not getting
that goddamn money.
Well, what's your hurry now?
That's a little
above your pay grade.
Just get it done.
I'm depending on you,
Uncle Zachariah!
Son of a bitch.
Here comes
the douche mobile.
Done.
You mind clarifying that?
Boyd's under the impression
that Markham's moving
his money tonight
and plans to hit
the vault imminently.
And Ava was there?
She heard you say the
money was moving tonight?
She was, though I have no idea
why that was a requirement.
So if she's not actually
present at the robbery,
we can still put her
away for conspiracy.
Ruthless.
So, Boy Wonder know what
team he's playing for now?
He took it kind of
hard at first,
but he'll come around.
It's like catching daddy cheating
with the woman next door, huh?
Are we done here?
When exactly is he
gonna hit the vault?
During the party.
I'd also like to know what kind
of weaponry he's gonna use,
who's gonna be with him, and where
he plans to hole up afterwards.
"Hey, Boyd, Wynn Duffy again.
"I know, super weird.
I was just wondering,
"could you give me an exact
time for the robbery?
"Also wondering
if you can tell me
"what weapons you'll be using
"and who else is
participating."
Tell him we know
where the main entrance is,
but we'd like to know
if there's another entrance
he plans to slip out in.
I can't get you all that.
Oh, sure you can.
No.
You know what?
Call him back.
Say, "Hey, it's Wynn." I don't trust
you, and I ain't claustrophobic,
"so I want in on
the heist this evening."
Not happening.
Not a chance.
If you don't want to
spend the rest of your life
running from the Dixie mafia,
there is a very,
very good chance.
Hello!
I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to startle you.
Why would I be startled?
Some asshole comes in my house
without so much as knocking?
That's a totally
natural reaction.
When I was just a pup,
my mama used to say I tended
to leap before I looked.
Well, if you're done looking,
now would be a good time to
scoot your ass on out of here.
My name's Boon,
I'm new to the area,
and I just wanted to
say hi to my neighbor,
who, if you don't mind me
saying so, is a vision...
Oh.
You know you have a dead
snake on your floor there?
From where I'm standing,
it looks like someone
shot that head clean off.
I don't suppose it was you.
Was it?
I don't suppose you can get
out of my house like I asked.
'Cause that'd be
one hell of a shot,
to get just the head like that.
Masterful, really.
How you think he did it?
You think it was
a quick draw scenario?
Bang!
But there's really no
reason to do that, huh?
You'd just be
showing off, I guess.
I mean, you could pull quick,
but then you'd really
want to take your time...
Making that shot, right?
Make sure you hit it just right.
Regardless, whoever
shot that snake
is one deranged and possibly
dangerous individual.
If you've made
any enemies lately,
I'd highly advise you
to make peace
by any and all means necessary
just so they don't send
this idiot back here again.
Yeah.
Be a real shame
to come home one day
and find some lunatic
standing in my house.
You really are a beautiful girl.
You know that?
I promise I'll stop back
here again real soon,
if you're still around,
just to make sure
everything's all right.
Hey.
Do you need help getting
rid of that snake?
I'll be fine.
I bet you will.
Bye, Loretta.
Ava, I need you
to be on lookout for
anything unusual
extra security, KSP, Marshals.
When Carl tells you to pull
that alarm, what happens?
I pull the alarm.
Then what?
Make sure we get out
of there as fast as we can.
But first?
Make sure
she gets out,
and then we all meet at
the rendezvous as agreed.
My goddamn man.
Now, we need to
get dressed, so...
I don't think you're
in the right place, honey.
No, ma'am.
Just looking for a word with Mr.
Crowder.
I recognize you.
You're Walt McCready's
daughter, god rest his soul.
That's right.
Well, I'd offer you a drink,
but we're in a bit of a hurry,
so what can I help you
with, Miss McCready?
You know I own the Bennett land?
I do.
You also know I'm looking
to acquire more.
I've heard rumors.
Well, then you also heard
I know more about growing weed
than most of the cornbread boys
who've lived and died in these hills.
What I don't have
is muscle or distribution.
Services you were
hoping I might provide.
It would mean going up
against Avery Markham.
He's shaking your tree
a little bit, is he?
Yeah, well, the protection
aspect of this partnership
would be priority.
What about
Raylan Givens?
What about him?
Well, as I understand it,
he's quite fond of you.
Now, how you think
he's gonna feel
he finds out you in
business with me?
I got bigger problems
than Raylan.
Last I heard, he ain't
long for Harlan, anyway.
You really got Mag's money?
I don't see how that's
any of your business.
'Cause Bennett land
ain't gonna be enough.
You'll need the Sorenson land,
which has the soil runoff
from Blanton creek.
You'll need the McLaren land, which has...
Southern exposure
and the best bluegrass
south of Pine Mountain.
Gonna grow some
healthy black gold.
Well, damn, girl.
You done some thinking on this.
Enough to also figure
Markham's probably
staked out them parcels.
Sorensons and McLaren
and a half dozen others
have agreed to hold off
selling to Markham.
They're gonna sell only to me.
How much you asking?
You want 'em, you can have 'em.
You buy them for a reasonable
price from the owners.
You pay me nothing.
You keep Harlan for Harlan.
Why would you do that?
'Cause I'm a bad man, Loretta.
But Avery Markham
is a real bad man.
Now, my men will see to
it that you are protected
as long as you pay them
handsomely for their efforts.
Earl, will you please
show this young...
No, I don't need seeing out.
Just need you
to keep your word is all.
You play your cards
right, young lady,
this town will be yours.
Earl.
Don't crowd me, boy.
All happening so fast.
Well, if you want
to get nostalgic,
now's the time to do it,
'cause this is gonna be
the last night
we spend in Harlan County.
Cool hat.
What's your pleasure?
Whiskey.
Any particular kind?
It's free, right?
The most expensive kind.
Didn't think I'd see you here,
considering who's hosting.
That's
exactly why I'm here.
You got more balls than
sense, you know that, girl?
Ain't that what
they say about you?
It is.
And maybe
it's our kindred spirits
that's prompting me to make
the offer I'm about to make.
Arlo's home and plot.
You know the land
I'm speaking of?
I do.
You interested?
Well, for a reasonable
price, I assume.
I just want what it's worth.
In that case,
you got yourself a deal.
Twice in one day?
Aren't I a lucky man?
Tell you what.
That dress never had it so good.
Name's Boon.
Pleased to meet you.
I wouldn't rush
to judgment on that.
I think it's safe to say,
considering everything
I've heard about you
from my employer.
I venture you're another one
of his, uh, Colorado boys?
That's right.
Tending to his fields out there.
Not tending so much
as protecting.
Well, I feel I should warn you.
Markham's previous
employees have
not fared well in these parts.
What? Them military
jarhead guys?
'Course not.
Those boys don't have no soul.
They don't know what it is
to really live it down.
You know what I mean?
I do not, no.
Man, you are everything
I'd hoped for,
right down to the hat.
Do you know the man
who invented the Stetson
was actually from New Jersey?
Is that so?
Came up with the idea
prospecting out west.
Cool in the summer,
warm in the winters.
A more functional piece of
headwear never there was.
Hey, I got an idea.
Instead of running your mouth,
why don't you show
your gun to the Marshal
the way you showed it to
me, see what happens?
Yes. If the Marshal
wants to see my piece,
all he's got to do is ask.
Should I assume that's a
toy gun there, John Wayne,
or you got another holster with
a concealed permit inside?
Afraid I don't know John Wayne.
He was a movie cowboy.
Oh.
Well, I never had much
use for television or movies.
Or regard for your wellbeing
the way you show off that piece.
Loretta, I look forward to
calling on you again soon.
Those two make quite the pair.
That's the infamous Boyd Crowder
you've had to hear
so much about.
Huh.
He is more
pulled together than
I would've imagined.
She's a pretty thing.
Yes. The lovely Ava.
Told him if they ever
set foot in here again,
I'd kill them both.
Well, that would put quite a
damper on your party, dear.
I suppose it would.
Well, time has come.
Wish me luck.
Good luck.
Friends
and neighbors.
I thank y'all for being here.
I'm aware that many of you
think I'm a stranger
in your land.
Maybe some of you
heard me on the radio
offering my own
hard-earned money
for the capture
of a dangerous fugitive.
Or maybe I contacted you
with a generous offer
for your property,
the kind of offer that makes
all manner of things possible,
things maybe you hadn't even
gotten around to dreaming of.
But I didn't come here just to
make us all a lot of money,
though I intend to do that.
And I didn't come here to
reverse this town's fortunes,
save it from falling prey
to the ghosts that dwell
in these streets and hollers.
Truth is, I came
back here for love.
I hope you all come and say
hello to my lovely fiancée,
Miss Katherine.
Speaking of ghosts who've
haunted these streets,
I see Boyd Crowder's
in our midst.
Don't suppose you've come to
cast aspersion on my motivations
in front of these fine people, Mr.
Crowder.
Oh, not at all, Mr. Markham.
You throw a hell of a party.
I'm enjoying myself immensely.
Although I am curious,
do you plan on doing
to this small town
the same thing that you did
to all those other small
towns in Colorado?
Everybody knows I think
dope is a fine commodity,
legal or otherwise.
But the people in this room
need the money earned
in their community
to stay in their community.
I don't claim to be a savior.
But I have already
demonstrated my willingness
to put my money to
work in this community.
And as I understand it,
where I offered cash,
you offered threats.
That your plan?
Keep harming these good
people for your own gain?
Far as I know,
everyone Boyd spoke to
is at least still alive.
Unlike Betty
and John-O Hutchins.
And I don't think I see Red
Crowell at this shindig, either.
Huh.
Maybe your pizza oven
scared him away.
Heard tell he's
skittish around fire
since his place
burned to the ground...
Property you now own,
if I ain't mistaken.
I'm afraid teenage gossip's
clouded your mind, Miss McCready.
Well, could be.
I am still a touch spooked
by the decapitated snake
you put in my house.
See you pointing fingers,
but not offering a fix any to
any of these people's problems.
My fix is the same
as yours, Mr. Markham,
promise of legal weed.
But the difference is, I've
been here for generations.
You all knew my daddy.
You all know me.
Know that I'm Harlan
through and through.
And so is my partner.
And who might that be?
The only other soul I know who cares
about this place as much as I do.
Boyd Crowder.
Every one of you who has been
approached about your property,
this is my offer.
I will give you cash for
your land, same as Markham,
but the difference is I don't
want to move you guys out.
Just want to move some seed in.
And along with that seed,
we bring security and protection
now and in perpetuity.
Hire the locals to help
with the farming,
- pay it back.
- Yeah.
You think Avery Markham
and his city mousette
ain't gonna cut and run,
win or lose?
She look like Harlan to you?
- No.
Throw in with me,
and we'll make Harlan prosperous
our own selves.
Give this county
back to the people
the way we all know
it should be!
Like she said,
you know her daddy.
Thank you, Ray.
Hey.
I see subtlety
ain't your strong suit.
Said yourself your boys
would offer protection.
I was just making it known.
You ever heard that a whisper
will get you a hell of a
lot further than a roar?
That's how politics
works, Loretta.
Public, private,
it don't matter.
Like you said, can't leave
Harlan to the likes of Markham.
Well, I applaud
your spirit, young lady.
Now, if you will excuse me.
As much as I'd like to stay,
I got to go see a man
about a vault.
You and Earl stand
by for my signal.
Boyd, be careful. I lost
plenty in the mine already.
About time you started
seeing some gains.
You seem displeased, Marshal.
What gave you that idea?
You said to get
protection, and I did.
What you did was align yourself
with a man who's about to
be arrested or killed.
You best hope you're not standing
next to him when that happens.
This mean you're not
gonna sell me your land?
It hasn't occurred to you
that the Marshal Service
may frown upon me
selling my parcel
to anybody associated
with Boyd Crowder?
When the dust settles with
Boyd, maybe you'll reconsider.
Something
will need to be
done about that girl.
Yeah.
Find out if she has any kin.
She ends up with
any of this property,
I want to know where it's going.
You know, except for the filth,
the impending sense
of being buried alive,
and the smell of rotten flesh,
it's not that bad down here.
Yeah. Try doing it 10 hours
a day, 6 days a week.
What is that?
That is Uncle Zachariah.
Lovely.
You seen enough,
or you want to venture
on down into the depths,
get a front row seat
for the show?
If it's all the same to you,
I'll, uh, wait right here.
Carl!
Make sure to keep
your radio on channel 2.
I'll holler when we all set.
All right.
Get ready for the boom! Whoo!
Nice shoes.
Earl, why don't you
go out for a smoke?
I don't smoke.
Well, you should take it up.
It'd be good for your health.
Maybe you should suck...
For Christ's sakes, Earl.
Just give us a minute
before he crushes
your nuts again,
tosses you in a cell
just because he can.
I'm gonna take a piss,
and when I get back,
you're gonna be gone.
Think you hurt his feelings.
He won't be gone long.
Whatever it is you want,
you best get to it.
I just wanted to tell you how
good you look in that dress.
Thought it was
supposed to be a party.
I feel a little overdressed.
Ain't nobody complaining.
You know, don't you?
I'm supposed to tell you
it's gonna happen next week,
but it's going down today.
Soon.
How'd you figure it?
Something in your way.
He almost killed me.
What are you supposed to do now?
Start a fire,
clear this place out.
Best get to it.
That looks pretty damn
good, Uncle Zachariah.
What'd you think?
Son, I've been
doing this long before
you ever heard the
word "nitroglycerine."
Phew!
That money's gonna fall right
down in my goddamn lap.
You kiss my ass, Raylan Givens!
Whoo!
Carl, you got me?
Yeah, I got you.
Tell them to pull
that alarm, son.
We all set down here.
Time to boogie.
We need to get to your vault.
I believe you're being robbed.
Whoo-hoo!
"I am at rest,
you need not fear,
"no anxious sorrow
need not take."
Ain't no way my niece
spending one more goddamn
minute with a Crowder.
You're gonna be buried
by your own goddamn greed,
just like you deserve.
Burn in hell,
you son of a bitch.
Zachariah!
Help me!
Oh!
Help!
Come on.
Boyd?
- Help me!
- Boyd!
Help!
Boyd!
Carl!
Here!
What happened?
Give me the rock hammer!
Where's Zachariah?
Get out! Go!
Christ!
All right,
I see Boyd, Duffy.
We can all see Duffy.
And Carl.
And no money.
Whatever that blast
was, it wasn't enough.
One thing that
didn't occur to me
dipshit's not capable
of pulling it off.
What if he had?
What if he, uh,
stuck his head up
out of a hole in there?
You gonna shoot him?
Might've.
Let's give him a minute.
Maybe he'll try it again.
What's gonna happen next is,
fire department's
gonna come down here
and kick our asses out.
Yep.
Getting smoky in here.
You know, I don't get you.
Give you some of my own
money to help you out.
24 hours ago upstairs,
I figured you and me
are simpatico.
I see you're just
jerking me around
and using me to get Boyd.
Don't take it personal.
I'm just doing what I got to do.
Yeah. That's my plan.
What's that?
Doing what I got to do.
Care to elaborate?
Right now, I'm gonna get out of
here and get some fresh air...
...find my fiancée.
What happened?
Where's everyone?
Where's the money?
Get out.
Get your ass back to the Portal!
You see anything
looks like that money
leaving that place,
you call me immediately.
Get out. Get out!
What did you say
to your goddamn uncle?
What did you say to your uncle?
- Nothing!
- Don't you lie to me.
Wasn't it enough
to put me in jail?
You trying to kill me now?
Is that it?
What the hell
are you talking about?
Your uncle tried to blow me up!
You give him the idea?
How can you say that?
I'm the one told you he
wasn't right in the head!
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
You lying to me?
No.
Boyd?
Is Zachariah dead?
I don't know, Ava.
And the money?
Still in the vault.
It won't be for long. They're
gonna move it tonight.
And that's when
I'm gonna hit it.
You want to tell me exactly
what went wrong down there?
Yeah.
Boyd couldn't get it up.
You being cute?
No, Chief.
I'm just answering the question.
Our office has devoted
copious hours and resources
to this case that,
as of right now,
hasn't produced a goddamn thing.
Hey, no one's trying
to make you look bad here.
I put you in the lead
of this to remove
Boyd from the
civilian population,
and what do we have
to show for it?
Not to repeat myself, jack shit.
That ain't true.
We still got Ava.
We got Duffy now, too.
Boyd, Markham,
the rest of them assholes,
they're just doing
what we want them to do.
Now, hey, I ain't saying
we're in the end zone
doing the Ickey Shuffle, but we
are definitely in the red zone.
What the hell
is the Ickey Shuffle?
Boyd ain't gonna stop.
He's just gonna go at that
money harder and stupider.
Not that I wouldn't like to
stay completely out of this,
but how exactly do you
think he's gonna do that?
Well, Markham's
gonna move that cash.
Boyd's gonna
be there when he does.
And to think there was a time
I was actually excited about
having the big office.